AT MIDNIGHT IT'S IN TERNS GONE
WILD.
BUT FIRST COVERAGE OF THE OVAL
OFFICE MEETING WITH PRESIDENT
TRUMP, KANYE WEST AND AN AMONG
THINGS DISCUSSED WERE SUPER MAN
AND FLYING CARS.
WE GO NOW TO PRESIDENT TRUMP IN
THE OVAL OFFICE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>>> HELLO.
THANK YOU ALL FOR JOINING US
TOGETHER FOR THIS IMPORTANT
DISCUSSION.
IT'S NO WAY PUBLICITY STUNT.
THIS IS A PRIVATE DISCUSSION
BETWEEN THREE FRIENDS PLUS 50
REPORTERS WITH CAMERAS.
I'M PROUD TO WELCOME KANYE WEST,
SADDAM, AN AMAZING GUY.
THANK YOU FOR COMING, KANYE.
>> YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I FLU HERE USING THE POWER OF
THIS HAT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> THAT'S TERRIFIC.
THE HALL OF FAME RUNNING BACK
JIM BROWN.
NOT MANY PEOPLE KNOW HE WAS A
LATE LACROSSE PLAYER.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING, JIM?
>> ALREADY PRETTY NERVOUS.
>> THESE TWO ARE GREAT DEAR
FRIENDS OF MINE, A COUPLE OF
REAL CHICAGO TYPES IF YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN.
AND THANK YOU, KANYE, FOR GIVING
ME A PAIR OF SNEAKERS BECAUSE
THEY ARE WHITE AND WIDE AND
NEVER GOING TO BE AS MUCH AS YOU
SAY THEY ARE.
WE HAVE AMAZING LUNCH TO GET TO.
BUT FIRST I'M SURE THAT KANYE
WANTS TO MAKE A FEW BRIEF LUCID
REMARKS.
>> FIRST, LET ME BEGIN WITH THE
IDEA THAT TIME IS THE MYTH OF
INFINITE AMOUNTS OF UNIVERSE,
AND I'M A PRISONER IN DIFFERENT
DIMENSION.
HAVE I LOST ANYONE SO FAR?
OKAY.
SO WE'LL TALK ABOUT TRAPPED
DOORS.
LIKE THE 13th AMENDMENT IS A
TRAPPED DOOR.
AND IF YOU ARE INSTALLING A
FLOOR, AKA THE CONSTITUTION, WHY
WOULD YOU BUILD A TRAP DOOR?
WHEN YOU CAN END UP WITH THE
UNIBOMBER.
>> OH, THIS GUY MIGHT BE CUCKOO.
I WAS IN THE ROOM WITH ROD MAN
AND THEY MADE A LOT MORE SENSE
THEN HIM.
>> THE MURDER RATE IS GOING DOWN
20% EVERY YEAR.
AND PRETTY SURE IT'S GOING TO BE
A NEGATIVE MURDER RATE.
WE'LL BE DIGGING BODES OUT OF
THE GAME.
>> HE DOESN'T STOP.
HE DOESN'T LISTEN TO ANYONE BUT
HIMSELF.
WHO DOES HE REMIND ME OF?
>> AND I DON'T WANT TO BRAG,
BRO, I DON'T WANT TO BRAG, BUT I
HAVE A HIGH IQ, I'M A GENUS, I
HAVE A BIG BRAIN AND BEST WORDS.
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S BLACK ME THIS
IS LIKE THE CHRISTMAS BLACK,
QUICK, LOOK AT JIM BROWN
INSTEAD.
>> OH, MY LORD, WHAT HAVE I
GOTTEN MYSELF INTO.
I PLAYED FOOTBALL WITH A LEATHER
HELMET.
AND MY BRAIN IS STILL WORKING
BETTER THAN HIS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> AND WHEN I PUT THIS HAT ON,
THIS HAT IS LIKE SUPER MAN'S
HAT.
>> SUPER MAN DIDN'T HAVE A HAT,
YOU I.D. I HAD YACHT.
>> CAN SOMEONE BE TRI POLAR.
>> AND ANOTHER THING, TO THINK
ABOUT IS THE FACT THAT HILLARY
CLINTON IS ACTUALLY NOT A MAN.
>> WOW, THAT WAS A CURVEBALL.
THIS COULD BE GOOD FOR ME.
THIS GUY MAKES BRETT KAVANAUGH
LOOK CALM AND COLLECTED.
WAIT, NO, IT CAN'T BE THAT GOOD.
THE REPORTER FROM CNN IS WAY TOO
HAPPY.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> YOU NO HE, I WANT TO SHOW YOU
ALL A PICTURE, ALL RIGHT, OF AN
AIRPLANE ON MY OH PHONE AND PUT
THE PASS CODE IN 000000.
I'M A GENUS.
>> AK, BOOKS.
>> VERY COOL INDEED.
WHERE IS THE PLANE?
>> IT'S IN VISIBLE.
>> THAT'S FANTASTIC.
WHO IS THAT?
>> THAT'S WONDER WOMAN.
>> OKAY.
MAYBE WE SHOULD ORDER YOUR LUNCH
FROM AFAR, MISSY.
LET'S REMEMBER, THE BIG LESSON
TODAY, THAT BLACK PEOPLE LOVE
ME.
THEY LOVE ME WAY MORE THAN THEY
LOVE ALEC BALDWIN.
>> IS GOD TESTING ME?
OR IS THIS LIKE THAT SHOW WHAT
WOULD YOU DO?
I MIGHT HAVE TO TACKLE BOTH OF
THESE FOOLS.
>> SO IN CONCLUSION, 13th
AMENDMENT, TRAP DOORS LEAD TO
THE UNIBOMBER, MALE ENERGY,
TRUMP IS MY DAD, HILLARY CLINTON
IS A WOMAN, AND THE MEDIA NEEDS
TO START MAKING THIS PRESIDENT
LOOK GOOD.
>> POPY SCOOP.
>> HEY, JIM, DO YOU WANT TO ADD
ANYTHING?
>> ADD?
I GOT A COUPLE SUBTRACTIONS I'D
LIKE TO SUBMIT.
ORNL THING I DEFINITELY WANT TO
POINT OUT IS MENTAL HEALTH IN
THE BLACK COMMUNITY IS EVEN
APPARENTLY A BIGGER ISSUE THAN I
THOUGHT.
I'VE BEEN ON COALITIONS WITH
BILL COSBY AND OJ SIMPSON AND
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I'M
HAVING REGRETS.
>> AND NOW IT'S TIME FOR ME TO
HUG MY NEW DAD.
COME ON IN HERE, DAD, BRING IT
IN.
>> GET IN HERE BLOOD.
>> DON'T CHECK TO SEE IF YOUR
WALLET IS THERE STILL THERE.
DON'T CHECK.
>> I WANT EVERYONE TO KNOW I
LOVE THIS MAN.
>> I LOVE YOU, KANYE.
WE HAVE A LOT MORE IN COMMON
THAN PEOPLE KNOW.
WE ARE BOTH GENUSES AND BOTH
MARRIED TO BEAUTIFUL WOMAN AND
BOTH RECORDED SAYING THE N WORD.
AND LIVE FROM NEW YORK, IT'S